I MOHD SALIM SIDDIQUI hereby authorize First Advantage Private Limited (the “Service Provider”) to provide Helios and Matheson with verification information relating to my employment and income or other information (e.g. professional or educational) in the form of a report (“Report”). The Reports will contain information, as furnished to Service Provider by my employers relating to my employment and/or income verification information and other relevant data (“Verification Data”). 

Service Provider collects the Verification Data for the purposes of retaining it on behalf of the entities furnishing the information. Further I acknowledge that the service provider based on this consent would respond to employment and other related verification information requests from third parties based on prior consent from me and, access, use and retain the Verification Data for auditing, regulatory, marketing analyses and/or other business purposes. 

I understand and acknowledge that Service Provider is holding the Verification Data on behalf of my employers. I also hereby authorize service provider to hold, access and use the Verification Data in perpetuity to perform its services as it deems necessary. 

Requestor is authorized to request and obtain my Report and use it for legitimate purpose for which I have provided the consent. I understand that the information in the Report provided by Service Provider to the Requestor may also include employment and income information obtained from my current or past employers who has my consent to share such information with Service Provider. I understand and agree that Service Provider is relying on the information provided to it by my current or past employers and is not responsible or liable for accuracy or completeness of the information provided to it from my former and/or current employers. 

I understand that I have the right, upon written request to the Service Provider to: 

View my Reports online free of charge at least once per quarter;
Disagree with my current or former employer with respect to the information in the Report provided by them to Service Provider and have the same rectified;
Provide prior online authorization to a Requestor to purchase my Report from the Service Provider at any time; and
View the status of any disputed information in my Report in real time and request updates at any time.


I understand and confirm that Service Provider may share my information with the Requestor for a fee or otherwise, upon receipt of this authorization by electronic message; and that the Service Provider may retain the information contained in my Report and any update thereto without any restrictions, reservation or expiration. I also understand and agree that Service Provider may use my information to review and analyze market trends and prepare a database. 

I understand that my information may be collected, stored, retained or processed anywhere in the world and not necessarily within the jurisdiction of the country where I currently reside, or where I was or am temporarily located, and have no objection for the same. 

I confirm that when I share my information with Requestor, it is solely at my discretion and that I have satisfied my self of the credentials of the requestor as provided by the requestor and take complete responsibility of the same and I am fully and completely responsible for permitting my employer (current or former) to share the information with the Service Provider and for authorizing Requestor to request and obtain my Report from the Service Provider. I recognize and acknowledge that the accuracy, validity or completeness of the Report provided by Service Provider is not guaranteed and I hereby release Service Provider and its parent, sister, affiliated companies, successors and assigns and its and their directors, officers, agents, employees and independent contractors (collectively, "Service Provider s Affiliates") from any liability for any negligence in connection with the preparation of the Report and from any loss, damages, expenses, costs or obligations of any kind and nature whatsoever suffered by me resulting directly or indirectly from the inaccuracy, invalidity or incompleteness of the Report. 

I covenant not to sue or maintain any claim, cause of action, demand, cross action, counterclaim, third party action or other form of pleading against Service Provider or Service Provider's Affiliates for damages based upon the inaccuracy, invalidity or incompleteness of any Report provided by Service Provider hereunder I understand and confirm that the Service Provider is not responsible for any losses which I may incur or any damages which may arise as a result of my providing my information or authorization to the wrong Requestor or for permitting my former or current employer to share the information with Service Provider or my information not being correct. 

This consent is subject to the laws and the exclusive jurisdiction of courts of the country, state and city where the Service Provider’s address set forth in the first paragraph is located. 

Should you choose to discontinue your participation in the verification service, you will need to provide us with a written notice of your decision 30 days in advance. Upon your written notice stating your wish to discontinue your participation in the verification service, the Service Provider will no longer collect your Verification Data or disclose such Verification Data to third parties requesting such information or inform you of any such requests for information. The Service Provider will have 60 days from the receipt of your notice to delete all of your personal data in its control, if you have so requested in your notice of discontinuance in the verification service. For the avoidance of doubt, any information retained by third parties through the provision of the verification service by the Service Provider will not be within the Service Provider’s control